# hello-world

Hi everyone,
  I am absolutely new to coding. As in I can barely right a simple calculator new! I have an ambitious goal of taking a "Good Will Hunting" approach to learning code. I can no longer stand the formal approach to learning. Just not for me I guess! Anyways, I will be teaching myself with free material online, mainly this excellent compilation enclosed here: (http://blog.agupieware.com/2014/06/online-learning-intensive-bachelors.html)
  I probably will not be posting much of anything for quite a while. My plan will be to use Github as a portfolio of sorts for future proof that I know what I know when applying to programming jobs. Eventually I would love to contribute to other's projects on here, but I am FAR from that day. As for now, I will be pursuing my interest in computers and how they work.
  
  
  On a side note, let me explain what interests me about coding. For most of my life, I've been the to-go guy for my family and friends when it comes to troubleshooting. However, I feel like Dr. Google most of the time, as most of the problems, such as rooting a phone or removing a rootkit from a computer, I have learned or quickly searched up online. But how does rooting work? What goes on when I root that phone or when a nasty rootkit nags my computer with 20 plus extra processes in task manager that are painstaking to remove? This is where my longing to learn code comes from. As it is the language of our computers(sorry if that is incorrect in some way; noob here!), I want to know more about how everything comes together, where problems arise, how problem are created, etc. And I do not want to stop there. I can't be happy learning what a line of code does without knowing EVERYTHING that goes on under the hood so to speak. What the hell is a heap and stack? What exactly does a particular function do on the CPU? How exactly does a line of code go from being just a line of code to those low and high voltages in the transistors? I'm not aiming for quantum physicist understanding of logic gates, but the more I know the better! Well I have rambled on long enough and time to begin an exploration into my love for computers!
